
===== A  [0:58.76 - 2:16.03]  202 words
-based supplement plan. You are not smart enough to understand scientific research. I'm just keeping it real. I'm not really smart enough to understand scientific research. And I have dedicated my life to this topic. I really, really have. Yet, I still don't trust myself to analyze the scientific research. The truth is, scientific research is too complicated for any non-scientists to truly understand. Even if you are a nutrition scientist yourself, you still don't have a full understanding of the scientific research. You just understand the one small part that you specialize in. There is just so much research out there, it is impossible for any human being to have a truly science-based understanding of supplementation. That is where AI comes in. AI can actually read, analyze, and understand all scientific research. Not just one sub-step, not just one specialty. AI can read all scientific research ever done, synthesize this into a plan that's coherent, science-backed, and which is designed to benefit you. So, if you take nothing else away from today's video, you should take that. Don't get supplement recommendations from your friend, or from the influencer you see on YouTube. Don't even get your supplement recommendations from me only.

===== B  [17:32.18 - 18:07.65]  119 words
is with what I call the big three. Number one, your fish oil or Omega supplement. Number two, your vitamin D and number three, your magnesium. If I had to take only three things out of this whole stack, that would be it. And I would say I'd be getting about 70% of the benefit of the stack just by taking those three things. So this could be real simple, real easy. Just wake up in the morning, take your fish oil, your vitamin D and your magnesium and that's it. If you have a little more discipline, take the magnesium at night. That would be slightly more optimal and that's a totally fine supplement stack to start with.

===== C  [6:57.15 - 7:31.20]  117 words
recommended by AI for those reasons. Fish oil is one of the most important supplements. If you're only going to take one supplement, it should be fish oil. Fish oil improves your heart health. It reduces your risk of cancer. It improves how your hair, skin, and nails look. It improves your joint health. It improves your workout recovery. It improves your ability to work out hard. That means you're going to build more muscle, burn more fat. There are so, so many benefits to this supplement. In my opinion, it's the most proven supplement that you can take. Especially if you're not eating a lot of fish right now, you have to be taking fish oil.

===== D  [20:42.66 - 21:49.73]  254 words
video guys. Supplements are only about 5% of your overall results. We just went into all this and I do believe it's worth us spending the attention and the money to get that extra 5%. But you have to keep it in perspective. If you're not working out, if you're not sleeping right, if you're eating like crap and you take all these supplements, you're not going to get good results. It's only about 5%. On the other hand though, taking supplements is very easy once you've locked in the habit. It only takes less than a minute per day to take all this stuff and you will get significant benefits. It's kind of like ironing your clothes before you go out on a date. Ironing your clothes before you go out on a date will only make you about 5% more attractive. It's not going to make a huge difference if you're fat and broken. You say stupid things. But it's going to make an extra 5% difference. It only takes a little bit of effort so I always iron my clothes before I go out on a date. For that same reason, you should be taking supplements. It's only a small benefit but the work and the money involved is even smaller compared to the benefit you're getting. So keep that in mind guys. Don't trust in supplements for all your results but you want to make sure to get that 5% and to lock the habit of the daily supplements in.

===== E  [16:35.58 - 17:25.03]  182 words
So this is the biggest mistake I made when first getting into supplements. I bought a huge stack like this. I bought like 10 things. I got super excited to take them, but then I would be inconsistent with taking them. I would take them one day, then the next day, but then the third day I would fall off. Then the fourth day I would only take a few and not take the full stack. Then the fifth day I would forget and I just wasn't consistent. It's better to take one or two supplements consistently every day than to have a big stack like this that you take inconsistently. So if you haven't taken supplements before, don't go out and buy all this right away. Just buy the basics to start with. Lock that down. Make it a daily habit for 30 days. Then add in one new supplement per month until you're comfortable taking that and then add in another one. Don't go whole hog like this right away. Just take the basics and add new supplements in slowly.

===== F  [19:17.10 - 20:09.65]  171 words
to fitness. What I would say should not be a part of your stack is pre-workouts or stimulant -based fat burners. The reason for that is it's just caffeine. You're essentially just taking over -priced caffeine. There is no evidence that pre-workouts improve your workout quality beyond what just drinking a cup of coffee would do. Same thing with the fat burners. Fat burners will burn fat, but they don't burn more fat than just getting that caffeine from black coffee or from a caffeine pill. Furthermore, stimulants are not a healthy way to suppress your appetite if you're overdoing it. One cup of coffee or two is fine, but if you're going beyond that to suppress your appetite, it doesn't make any sense. I would recommend going on Zep bound instead of consuming that level of stimulants. It will probably have less health risk for you than taking a large amount of caffeine every single day. You're going to feel better and your appetite will be more suppressed more consistently.

===== H  [15:28.78 - 16:13.29]  132 words
and more sleep overall. Now, one other supplement that I don't personally take, which I think most of you guys should be taking, creatine. Creatine is proven to have tremendous benefits for muscle building and not just for ...building, for your brain health and your heart health as well at higher doses. Most people tolerate creatine fine. For me, again, I have a very sensitive stomach, so creatine is not an option for me just because of the level of diarrhea and gas that I get. For you, though, that probably isn't going to happen. Most people aren't like this. Most people can tolerate 10 or even 20 grams of creatine a day, no problem. So you should be taking creatine for its purpose. It's proven benefits unless you have stomach issues.

===== I  [12:27.40 - 13:14.45]  144 words
couple of different reasons. This is one thing I'm doing that I recommend the average guy does not do. From my research, from what I've done, from my research that I've done with AI, it would actually be better if I took a protein supplement instead of Aminos post-workout. The reason why I don't do that is because I have a very sensitive stomach and when I take whey protein, I just uncontrollably shit myself. It's a disaster. So, I can't take whey protein no matter how good the health benefits are, just because of my unique type of stomach and digestive system. Most people, you can't take whey protein, so you should be doing that instead of the Aminos. If you have issues digesting, if you have issues digesting whey protein like I do though, then I recommend Aminos as a good substitute.

===== J  [4:41.35 - 5:39.68]  187 words
Let's talk about the next supplement, vitamin D. Critically, critically important. And about 70% of people are deficient in vitamin D. If you are deficient, then supplementing with vitamin D can improve your testosterone. It can improve your workout performance. It can improve your immunity. It can reduce your risk of heart disease and cancer. So many benefits just from daily vitamin D supplementation. I recommend Athletic Greens Liquid Vitamin D. The reason for that is, number one, it's cheaper per dose if you take liquid versus capsule. No need to take a capsule. Number two, it's easier to take a higher dose. So, I personally take five drops or 5 ,000 IU of vitamin D per day. The USDA recommendation is one drop or 1 ,000 IU of vitamin D per day. Do a little bit more research into this, but I think the USDA is wrong and you should be taken more than what they recommend. So that's why I recommend the liquid so that way you don't have to take so many capsules. And that way it's a little bit cheaper and more absorbable.

===== K  [5:50.29 - 6:32.40]  139 words
So, what I do before I start taking these supplements is I first eat a little bit of food. So, I eat a small handful of almonds, a small handful of pumpkin seeds, and then about 20 to 30 grams of chicken, which is about one chicken drumstick, one thigh, or about half of one side of a chicken breast, about a quarter of the overall breast. So, I'm doing that for a couple of reasons. Number one, it's important to get in some protein immediately after the workout. That will improve muscle. It will improve your muscle synthesis if you get in protein right after your workout. The pumpkin seeds and the almonds are for the micronutrients, some very absorbable micronutrients, in addition of providing a base of food in your stomach. Now, I start taking my capsules.

===== L  [9:54.80 - 11:06.91]  248 words
what I take for my joint health. Some of the supplements I take are actually primarily for my skin health. I started taking these initially on the recommendation of clavicular and some other looks-maxing influencers. I don't agree with clavicular on everything, but I do think he made a really good point about your skin health, which is that you shouldn't only be doing topical things. If you're consuming supplements, this can actually make a bigger impact than a lot of the topical treatments that people are investing in. So, for me, I'm taking a few supplements for my skin health, which also have other health benefits. First of all, I'm taking vitamin B6. I have cystic acne, that is my main acne type, but vitamin B6 helps a lot with this type of acne. I also take zinc within my testosterone booster. I used to take this separately. Again, I mainly took this because it helped with cystic acne. However, it has a lot of other benefits as well. Once I started taking a testosterone booster that had zinc in it, so I don't take a separate zinc anymore. Finally, I take DIM. This is a hormonal supplement, which again is proven to help with cystic acne. So, I started taking all of these at the same time. I'm not entirely sure which one made the biggest difference, but I know the three of them as a group made a really, really significant difference in my skin.

===== M  [11:13.98 - 12:03.53]  164 words
Now, out of everything that I'm taking, this is a supplement that's most likely to be doing nothing. But I still think it is probably having a benefit, so it's worth the money for me. So, to explain what's in it, the main ingredient in it is shilajit mushrooms. So, this is one of the most studied testosterone boosting ingredients, which is proven to boost testosterone in people that are low. Not a huge effect, but it will have some effect, and that's worth it in my opinion for me. The Thorne Testosterone Booster Complex also has ashwagandha, which is an adaptogen, which some studies have shown have boost testosterone and it has other health benefits too. And then finally, it has zinc. This is, in my opinion, the best part of it. Zinc is very proven to boost testosterone if you're deficient. And it has other benefits, such as fighting cystic acne, so I definitely recommend the zinc part of this to everybody.

===== N  [9:08.66 - 9:56.31]  175 words
again the Thorne brand. This, I'm taking for my joint health. This has a lot of benefits for the health of your joints, for your tendons and your ligaments, and that's really important now that I'm in my 40s. Now that I'm in my 40s, I'm doing seven days a week of hard weightlifting, two to three days a week of jiu-jitsu, and in order for that to be sustainable, I need to take care of my joints, especially for jiu-jitsu. I've had so many joint injuries, little finger injuries and toe injuries and things like that, so I need my joint health to be my best. Even if you're just lifting weights and doing cardio right now, if you want that to be sustainable until your 60s and 70s, I recommend taking something like this. And even if you just want to recover a little bit better from your workouts, have a little faster injury recovery, glucosamine chondroitin can help with that. So those are my anti-inflammatories, what I take for my joint health.

===== P  [8:07.46 - 8:34.29]  97 words
To explain the difference, turmeric has a lot of health benefits, but the active compound within the turmeric that has those benefits is called curcumin. That's what you really want. Taking three or four turmeric capsules gets the job done, but it's a lot of capsules for not that much benefit. The Thorne curcumin extract is more concentrated, two capsules for as much benefit as four to six turmeric capsules with only a little bit of extract. Once again, you can go cheap and it will work, but I recommend going Thorne if you have the money.
